1. Write a Java program to implement a lambda expression to find the sum of two integers.

2. Write a Java program to implement a lambda expression to check if a given string is empty.

3. Write a Java program to implement a lambda expression to convert a list of strings to uppercase and lowercase.

4. Write a Java program to implement a lambda expression to filter out even and odd numbers from a list of integers.

5. Write a Java program to implement a lambda expression to sort a list of strings in alphabetical order.

6. Write a Java program to implement a lambda expression to find the average of a list of doubles.

7. Write a Java program to implement a lambda expression to remove duplicates from a list of integers.

8. Write a lambda expression to implement a lambda expression to calculate the factorial of a given number.

9. Write a Java program to implement a lambda expression to create a lambda expression to check if a number is prime.

10. Write a Java program to implement a lambda expression to concatenate two strings.

11. Write a Java program to implement a lambda expression to find the maximum and minimum values in a list of integers.

12. Write a Java program to create a lambda expression to multiply and sum all elements in a list of integers.

13. Write a Java program to implement a lambda expression to count words in a sentence.

14. Write a Java program to implement a lambda expression to check if a given string is a palindrome.

15. Write a Java program to implement a lambda expression to calculate the sum of squares of all odd and even numbers in a list.

16. Write a Java program to implement a lambda expression to check if a list of strings contains a specific word.

17. Write a Java program to implement a lambda expression to find the length of the longest and smallest string in a list.

18. Write a Java program to implement a lambda expression to check if a given number is a perfect square.

19. Write a Java program to implement a lambda expression to find the second largest and smallest element in an array.

20. Write a Java program to implement a lambda expression to sort a list of objects based on a specific attribute.

21. Write a Java program to implement a lambda expression to calculate the sum of all prime numbers in a given range.

22. Write a Java program to implement a lambda expression to check if a list of strings are all uppercase or all lowercase or mixedcase.

23. Write a Java program to implement a lambda expression to find the average length of strings in a list.

24. Write a Java program to implement a lambda expression to find the largest prime factor of a given number.

25. Write a Java program to implement a lambda expression to convert an integer to their corresponding binary representation.

